Updated index.md to reflect changes in GEP-2162 (#3898)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: geps/gep-2162/index.md

* Provide foundation for tools to block or warn when unsupported features are used.

## Non-Goals

* Validate correctness of supported features published by the implementation.

>     Meaning we don't intend to verify whether the supported features reported by the implementation are indeed supported.

Reviewer: nit: is this intended. looks like weird formatting to me, but not sure

Implementations are free to decide how they manage this information. A common approach could be to maintain static lists of supported features or using predefined sets.

> > Note: implementations must keep the published list sorted in ascending alphabetical order.

Author: Yes, all the supported feature names follow PascalCase convention.

    - HTTPRouteQueryParamMatching

```

### SupportedFeatures Guidance in GatewayClass

> Only Gateway related features should be published on GatewayClass. The rest, i.e Mesh features should not be published under GatewayClass, and will likely to be published on a Mesh resource if and when it is [introduced](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api/pull/3887).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only Gateway related features should be published on GatewayClass. The rest, i.e Mesh features should not be published under GatewayClass, and will likely to be published on the new Mesh resource CRD when it is ready [ref](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api/pull/3950).
```

> If the Mesh features are added to the GatewayClassStatus conformance test suite will error out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mesh features published on GatewayClassStatus will be ignored by the conformance test suite along with a warning.
```

In any case, the conformance tests file names should be meaningful and easy to understand.

#### Conformance report

In order for to verify that the list of features reported are indeed supported by GatewayClass tests will be run based on the features from the GatewayClassStatus.
If the source of Gateway features are not inferred and manually provided the conformance suite will block the report from being submitted.

#### Reporting Mesh features

As Mesh doesn't have a good place (yet) to populate SupportedFeatures, its features can be tested for compliance by using Conformance Profiles, or manually, providing features for test using `--supported-features` flag.

> Conformance suite will determine if the implementation doesn't support GatewayClass and validate that report is run for the Mesh features and NOT block the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until mesh features are posted on the Mesh resource CRD, the conformance suite will determine if conformance run is for Mesh features and will NOT block the report if provided manually.
```

Reviewer: nit: will be useful to add issue to track the work to support mesh supportedFeatures

#### Staying Compliant

SupportedFeatures will become available starting 1.4 release as a standard feature, which means that all Gateway implementations will be expected to define and populate SupportedFeatures in the GatewayClass' Status.
Conformance test suite will be based on inferring supported features from GatewayClassStatus,
meaning if you want to generate passing report, above mentioned feature should be implemented.

> There will be a grace period until the 1.5 release, after which all Gateway Conformance Reports will need to be generated based on the SupportedFeatures field in GatewayClass status.

Reviewer: /cc @youngnick @robscott 

for final stamp on this before lgtm

Reviewer 2: Yes, this LGTM. Grace period is a good idea.

The core purpose of conformance tests for GatewayClass is to verify that reported features are truly supported.
While the community currently operates on a trust-based system for conformance reports, programmatically inferring features from the GatewayClass status field creates a strong, verifiable link between an implementation's claims and the test results.

> This not only provides crucial context in conformance reports but also encourages accurate reporting and helps differentiate between trustworthy and less reliable feature sources, making it easier to identify discrepancies.
> Although implementations can still manually create reports, the reputational cost of faking results acts as a significant deterrent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having this connection between supported features and conformance tests, helps improve the UX and make it easier for implementers to run the correct conformance tests.
```

what do you think about something like this?

In any case, the conformance tests file names should be meaningful and easy to understand.

#### Conformance report

In order for to verify that the list of features reported are indeed supported
by GatewayClass tests will be run based on the inferred features from the
GatewayClassStatus. If the source of features are not inferred (manually
provided, or undefined) the conformance suite will block the report from being submitted.

#### Reporting Mesh features

As Mesh doesn't have functionality (yet) to populate SupportedFeatures in the
Status, its features can be tested for compliance by using Conformance Profiles,
or manually, providing features for test using `--supported-features` flag.
Conformance suite will determine if the implementation doesn't support
GatewayClass and validate that report is run for the Mesh features and NOT block
the report.

> #### Staying Compliant

Reviewer: nit: suggest to add another small paragraph in the end of this section that talks about "reviews and trust. Basically echoing some of the feedback received on https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api/pull/3885#discussion_r2190677320 - saying that Conformance has always been about trust. The change to block reports in the conformance suite is meant to encourage progress in the right direction, while enforcement will continue to rely on trust and thorough reviews.

Author: Done.
